Previously on The Game...
I meant to give you this
last night,
but we were having
too much fun.
It's nice to meet you, Brittany.
I'm Allison Morris,
Jamison's ex.
Union said we don't have
enough owner votes
-to secure lifetime health care.
-So, it's on us, then.
But the owners are unified.
We need you, Lik.
Malik's looking out for Malik.
To the new owner
of the Rick Fox Agency.
Yes, the Tasha Mack
Mega Agency.
Tasha, you're not certified
'cause you didn't graduate
from high school?
Loan's due in 48 hours.
Cash transfers only.
I have Paxton on the line,
he doesn't think
-that 48 hours is enough.
-The hell it isn't.
You tell him to get his ass
to Vegas now.
And cancel everything
for the next two days.
-[clapping]
-Hey!
-[gasps]
-Sleep on your own time.
Erika, coffee, now.
Paxton, where the hell are we
on this ridiculous deadline?
Judge Peters
set a 1:00 p.m. hearing.
She's good and she hates banks.
That said, it may only buy us
about a week or so.
A week is five dawg years
to the Colonel, okay?
It makes the difference between
me losing this agency
and putting a bullet
in his mangy ass.
Get me that extension,
and stop eating!
All the agents are on alert.
We're ready to contact clients
as soon as you give the word.
Okay, good work, Candice,
all right.
But right now,
we need to keep this quiet.
Last thing we need
are the players panicking.
Hey, right, got it.
Tasha, I just want you to know
as your number two,
if we go down,
we go down together.
Thanks, girl.
But we ain't going down.
-Okay.
-Ha-ha!
[sighs]
[knocking]
Uh, come in.
-Hey.
Are you up?
Uh, yeah.
I can't sleep.
Did you get my texts?
Yeah.
Thought you could use a friend.
-Thank you.
-Mm.
PORSCHA: Tasha, how you
holding up?
Porscha!
Girl, I don't know.
You tell me.
I'll have the financial plan
ready in a few hours,
-then we'll know.
-All right.
Erika?
Oh, damn.
You sure you should be
doing that?
Hey, hey, hey.
You assist me,
and so does this.
[phone chimes]
Yo, my phone has been
blowing up all day.
Like, I just want
some peace and quiet,
but people keep on coming out
the woodwork.
Anyone special?
A couple old friends,
high school coach.
-A cousin I thought was dead.
-[chuckles]
TASHA: Listen up, everybody.
[whistling]
-Right-- Erika?
-Got it.
Whatever you need to do
for the next 41 hours
to be at your best,
then do it.
'Cause this is the fight
of my life, and I need y'all.
Damn it, I need all y'all.
Go, now!
[all muttering]
Okay, here.
Since we have some time off,
how 'bout we have
some us time?
-Us time?
-Mm-hmm.
We can ride the High Roller
at the Stratosphere,
because nothing
clears my head better
than a good old scream-fest
and some hot chicken from Hank's
with the extra pickles.
Oh my gosh, it's so good.
Yeah.
Uh... yeah.
I guess you're not a
scream-it-out kind of guy, huh?
More of a time-to-myself
kind of guy.
I get it.
Besides, I seen a lawyer
outside of Tasha's office,
so something definitely
went down.
Maybe she could use
some hot chicken.
-Maybe.
-[chuckles]
-Okay.
[both chuckle]
Text me
if you need anything.
Yeah, I'll text you.
Good night.
[sighs]
[groaning]
Seriously,
where are the donuts?
You stress-ate them
ten minutes ago.
Then go get some more.
Shit.
Erika.
What the hell?
-Erika!
-Okay, that's not a problem,
but what kind of donuts
do you want?
Do you like gluten-free,
do you want, like, dairy-free?
Ooh, they have like
-fried kinds.
-Erika!
Erika, what is going on here?
[sighs]
All I know
is I'm the keeper of time, and
5:00 p.m. Saturday is D-Day.
Tasha, look, I don't know
what's going on,
but it looks like
you could use my help.
No, this here is ICO.
-IC-who?
-ICO.
Inner circle only.
Get gone.
No.
Last night, I promised
to regain your trust,
so let me prove my loyalty.
Loyalty?
Oh, so you pledging allegiance?
Yes.
Here.
Place your right hand
over my bible
and repeat after me.
I pledge allegiance to
the Queen Boss Bitch of America.
I pledge allegiance to the Queen
Boss Bitch of America.
Don't mock me.
And to the agency
which she runs.
To the agency which she runs.
One Tasha, over Oprah,
incomparable,
with ballerness
and flyness for all.
One Tash...
Amen.
-Okay.
-[chuckles]
Erika will brief you.
Hi.
So, it's gonna be
all hands on deck
to pay off the Colonel's loan
so he doesn't get control
of TMA.
TASHA:
Erika, put my certificate up.
-TMA?
-Yeah.
-How is that even possible?
-Shit.
Anyways, I am in control of...
Uh-huh, nothing, apparently.
How are we looking?
I found a loophole
in the original
-Rick Fox Agency deal.
-Rick Fox?
When you acquired the company,
it came with a reversion clause,
a ten-year buyback.
If Rick activates the option,
he has a year
to buy the agency,
which gives you a year
to pay the Colonel
and make this go away.
Wow.
Paxton, this is brilliant!
There's only one problem.
I'm not calling Rick.
BRITTANY:
Hey, wait, wait, wait, Tasha.
Rick is in San Diego
with my dad.
Yeah, they just played a pro-am
golf tournament together.
No!
That man was in love
with all of this.
Now, CNN is just gonna
crack his heart,
and besides,
I made that man a promise
that I would die before I let
anything happen to this company,
and that's a promise
I'm gonna keep.
Tasha, time's ticking.
This is our best option.
TASHA: I said no, Paxton!
Now, get me that damn extension!
[phone beeping]
Hey, Daddy.
Yeah, I know.
I know it's late.
No, Dad, it doesn't cost more
to talk after midnight.
Dad, hello?
Hey, um, I need a favor.
I need Rick Fox's cell number.
Please?
Thirty-nine hours!
♪
-Room service.
-Ooh, what's this?
In honor of last night's amazing
national anthem performance,
I hereby declare you
queen for a day.
Ooh!
First, this hotel,
-and now my favorite omelet?
-[chuckles]
I hereby declare, I'm about
to fuck this breakfast
-all the way up.
-I think that's a compliment.
-Mm-hmm.
-[phone chiming]
[speaking Spanish]
Oh, my God, I've been
getting mad love.
I even heard from
a few producers,
all because of you.
Hey, I didn't sing it.
You did.
Aw.
[phone chimes]
Oh. My. God!
I know,
I'm an amazing kisser.
It's Apollo Maze!
-Who?
-The Apollo Maze!
He launched Apex,
Lupé, 24/7.
Wait, he's flying in tomorrow
to meet with me.
Oh my-- okay.
Okay.
Okay, okay, okay, um...
I gotta nail this.
I could sing my new song,
but shit, my janky keyboard's
been fritzing again.
Well, why don't you meet up
at Joint 51?
I'll rent it for an hour,
and a piano,
make a real impression.
You know, for a guy who gets
hit in the head a lot,
you're amazing,
and sweet, and cute.
Well, I hereby declare
I'm about to fuck this girl
all the way up.
Sorry, that-- that was better
in my head.
Nah, you right.
[both laughing]
Damn!
This your crib?
-[laughing]
-Yo, if I was living like this,
I'd quit my job, too.
Hold-- dawg, we didn't quit.
And it ain't about
the damn money.
It is for me.
You know how many cars
I gotta deliver
to cover what I lost
on your tickets?
-You can sign there, man.
-Thank you.
Uh, no, dawg,
it must be a mistake.
I only ordered one car,
not two.
No mistake.
Two cars.
One green, one silver.
One is mine.
Thank you.
Oh-ho-ho.
Okay.
Uh-huh.
You bought that shit
before the walk-out, didn't you?
Yeah.
Once I made the team,
-I figured I'd be good.
-Well, you are good, bro.
Good for them payments.
Seriously, though, bro,
you deserve it.
And good thing you do,
'cause I'm gonna take
the green one,
'cause it screams money.
[laughing]
I am not selling
the jet, Porscha!
Bring it up again,
I'm-a sell your ass.
Paxton, she want me
to sell the jet.
-Never gonna happen.
-It'll cover a third of the loan
and put us in striking distance.
-It's just a jet, we can...
-For centuries,
Black women had to get everyone
where they needed to go.
First, it was
the Underground Railroad.
Then, we had to walk
white folks' kids to school.
Then, we refused to sit
on the back of the bus
till change came, so we could
buy cars for our families.
Hell, my mama drove her car
until the wheels fell off.
And now, I'm flying
my own jet, paid for?
You know what that means?
That means if this Black woman
can get there,
then so can you.
It means that they
have to listen.
It means I belong.
So, it's not just a jet,
and I'm not selling it.
So, that's a hard no
on the jet, copy you.
Bad news.
Judge Peters recused herself.
Conflict of interest.
Her son's a student at OSA.
-So, expel his ass.
-I wish.
The stay is with Judge Allen.
He has a standing
racquetball game
Fridays at noon.
I'm headed there now.
Well, don't just talk about it.
Be about it, Paxton, all right?
Go, keep me posted.
It's the Colonel.
He wants to meet.
How 'bout that?
Three weeks as the players rep,
and I did what y'all
been trying to do
for the past five years.
Yeah, I'd kiss the ring,
but that dumb stunt
you just pulled
set us back a decade.
Chance, I was in a position
to act, so I did.
Yes, but you acted
before the strike fund
was fully in place.
We're not ready.
But Malik was only looking out
for Malik, just like always.
Hey, he was looking out
for all the players,
past, present, and future.
Yeah, exactly.
So, what is the league gonna do?
They gonna play or not?
I'll know tomorrow
when we vote.
But you're officially suspended.
-What?
-I will be taking your vote
by proxy, and voting no
for you and me.
Ho, ho, ho, ho, hold up.
Dawg, I don't understand this.
We got the owners on the ropes.
Now is the time, Chance.
You don't understand because
you already got your millions.
You don't have a family
depending on you
like 99% of the league.
They can't afford a strike.
Not now.
Well, took you
long enough to call.
Sensible people
should be sensible.
I agree.
-Please, sit.
-No.
That's where I made
the deal with the devil.
-I'll pass.
-As I recall,
you asked this devil to dance,
and it was heavenly,
until your son
opened the gates of hell.
I have half your money
in pocket,
and when the judge
grants our extension,
you'll get the rest.
So, can we just end this tantrum
and get back to doing
business the right way?
Oh, no, I never let emotion
get in the way of a deal.
That's why I asked you here.
-Listening.
-Tasha...
you were 16 when you had Malik,
and you turned managing him
into an empire.
This is your vision,
which is why
you should run your company.
Well, I'm glad we see
eye to eye.
Thank you
for ending this nonsense.
No, no, no.
Our deal stands.
I'm taking over TMA.
-I want you to be involved.
-Involved?
Legally, I had to put the agency
into a blind trust.
Sadly, owners can't
represent players.
I want you to run
daily operations.
You want me to work for you
at the company I built?
You will take home
a very nice salary.
-Company will keep its name...
-Look,
let me tell you something,
you patronizing
fake-ass Jerry Jones.
Who's having a tantrum now?
What, you think
this is a game?
This is my life.
You will take my company
over your dead body.
Tasha, be reasonable.
You signed a non-compete.
If you don't work for me,
you won't work as an agent
for two years.
That's if I lose,
Colonel Cracker.
No, that's when you lose,
Ms. Mack.
Now...
swallow that beautiful pride
and run TMA.
Or Candice will.
-My Candice?
-I'm giving you the opportunity
to save the status quo.
To the world,
you will be the mogul you are.
No one ever has to know.
I'll know.
You'll have your money tomorrow.
Ooh!
Miss Walk of Shame.
Just passing through to rinse
pits, tits, and naughty bits
before round two?
Hardly.
I was helping Tasha all night.
Ugh, left turn.
What happened with your
hot and heavy plans
with Mr. JJ Jiggles?
Oh my gosh,
it was just off.
So?
Did he see Allison?
-Didn't come up.
-[laughing]
And you didn't bring it up.
Classic Brit.
Afraid of intimacy,
or are you afraid
that your man is still stuck
on little miss blondie?
Actually, I'm scared
that he doesn't know
he's stuck on blondie.
So wait, you and Garret
have these, like,
heavy heart-to-heart talks?
Girl, if I hadn't opened up
to him about my fears,
I wouldn't be meeting
Apollo Maze tomorrow.
-You're meeting Apollo Maze?
-Yes,
but don't change the subject!
Look, the best way
to get close to someone
is to go through the tough stuff
and come out on the other side.
Babe, that's where
the real intimacy is.
Brit, just call him.
Be honest.
-[sighs]
-I gotta go.
Okay.
-Hi.
-Is Candice here?
No, she left after you did.
Close her files, shut down
her emails, she's fired.
-Okay.
-Set up a video call
with all of the other agents.
Can y'all close the damn door?
Mama!
And tell the team to strap on
their astronaut diapers,
it's gonna be
another all-nighter.
Paxton, please tell me you got
your ass kicked in racquetball.
Sorry.
Even took one to the nuts.
Allen wouldn't grant a stay.
-Erika, get me some ice, please.
-Damn it.
-Ma!
-Hey.
-Hey. Hey.
-Hey, baby.
So, I did the right thing
with the walk-out, right?
Of course, baby.
What you did was so brave.
-Mommy's so proud of you.
-Good.
So, what are
your clients saying?
Can you nudge 'em
in support of the strike?
[chuckles]
Hey.
You know I got your back, right?
-[chuckles]
-You know, Malik,
you got a lot on your plate,
so why don't you just
focus on your health,
and start by getting some rest.
-Me?
-Like, right now.
No, Mama, you're the one
who look tired.
Mom, what's going on with you?
You said you needed a room
for a meeting or two,
and this is a hell of a lot more
than that, Mama Mack.
[chuckles]
It's just pre-planning, baby.
You know, I got the New York
and Miami offices opening.
That's all.
This is for the strike,
isn't it?
Whoo!
[grunting]
Mack right, ah, ah, ah,
better get that act right.
Malik, we need to talk.
Mama, why didn't you tell me?
How do you tell your child
you're about to lose everything?
This is all my fault, isn't it?
No.
It's on me.
I got greedy, I...
should have never
bought Oakmont.
Ma, how can I help you?
What can I do?
Lik, there is nothing
you can do.
Baby, even you can't raise
that kind of cash in 26 hours.
I can't lose.
I can't lose, Malik.
I can't.
-Come here, Mama, come here.
-I can't lose.
[sighs]
It's all I know.
I mean, without this,
who the hell am I?
JAMISON:
Clear your head, Jimmy.
Clear your head.
Breathe.
[exhaling]
That's right, man,
just get lost.
Brittany looked
so good last night.
Oh, come on, clear your head, J!
Clear your head.
Breathe in.
[inhales deeply]
Out.
[belching]
Mm.
Whoo, all right,
just, let's try this again.
ALLISON: Hey, Jamison.
Yo, great.
[chuckles]
Now, I'm hearing voices.
It's great, it's great,
it's perfect.
[chuckles]
-Allison.
-I knew you'd be here.
This is where you came after
every game you ever lost.
I haven't been back
since that day.
What are you doing here?
Keeping a promise.
I was at the game last night.
I'm so proud of you.
I haven't seen that
since the, uh...
Since it was in
my dad's office.
Yeah.
You haven't slept.
You're still fighting insomnia.
[laughing]
Yeah, well, that's an
understatement this time.
I...
Allison, why are you
really here?
The truth?
I miss my best friend.
That's just a little bit
about me and my label.
I knew all that.
I mean, I'm not--
I'm not a stalker or anything.
I just...
What I'm saying is,
I've been following
your career for years.
I'm flattered.
I'm-- I'm just here
to learn about you.
It looks like
you're living large.
I mean, you rented
a whole entire club
for this meeting.
[laughing]
Garret did this.
I mean, he's great,
but he's not gonna help me
win a Grammy.
[laughing]
I'm just Raquel's teammate.
-Babe.
-Ooh.
Oh! Here.
I'll leave you to it.
-Okay.
-Thank you, babe.
Tell me about your roots,
your family.
My dad was an ass,
so me and my mom had it rough.
Bounced from city to city
till I found my voice, and...
It's a lot of inspiration
in pain.
That's why I love your sound.
It's raw and it's real.
I'm so glad you said that,
'cause I have this--
this song that I've been
writing, and I would love
-to play it for you.
-It's not an audition.
It's not?
I'm sold.
-Hmm?
-Yeah.
I'd love to guide your career.
-You're kidding.
-No.
Okay.
Say I'm interested.
What happens next?
Well, after meeting
other managers--
and you should-- if you think
that we're a good fit...
That's my standard contract.
Have your attorney
take a look at it.
Once you sign,
we start recording, and...
Small incentive.
$50,000?
Mm-hmm,
and get used to it.
Even without me,
your beautiful voice
will be heard,
and it is beautiful.
-Babe.
-What'd he say?
-He's gonna sign me!
-What'd he say, what'd he say?
-He wants to sign me!
-Ah!
I told you!
Oh, I knew it!
I knew it, I knew it.
I will walk back the protest
and get the team
to play Monday nights.
And Tasha gets to keep
her agency.
And we all get
our flowers today.
This must be hard for you,
Malik.
You're a good son.
Beau...
[chuckles]
Would never do anything
like that for me.
Colonel, do we have
a deal or not?
Your team voted to walk out.
And I will get them
to walk back in.
I believe that.
You've become
quite a leader.
But the union votes today.
What if they decide to join
this charade and strike?
Trust me,
that is not gonna happen.
I won't give lifetime
health care to retired players.
I'll accept
your original offer...
...if we close right now.
Son, if you didn't make
bonehead decisions...
...you would have made
a fine owner.
[door opens and closes]
-Hey, buddy.
-What?
-Come with me.
-Come with you where?
Look, I don't have time
for this.
Come on.
Why are you dragging me
out here?
If that pool ain't filled
with vodka, I'm not interested.
Bottom's up.
Rick.
[sighs]
Hey.
I had no idea
Brittany called you.
Well, I can imagine
how hard it is for you
to see this fine glass of wine
knowing that you'll never
take a sip again.
Tasha, I'm good.
In fact, since we last spoke,
I bought three more
Mercedes dealerships,
was named ambassador-at-large
for the Bahamas,
and also voted Nassau's
most eligible bachelor.
All right, Slick Rick!
I see you.
Who knows,
maybe I'll find Miss Right,
and make her Mrs. Rick Fox.
Oh, that's sweet.
Did you see me
in Mogul Magazine?
Yeah, real moguls
don't read Mogul.
Why not?
Real people read People.
[both laughing]
It's always good
to see you, Tasha,
even under these circumstances.
I don't need
a white horse, Rick.
Good, 'cause I'm only
half white.
Look, I'm just a friend
looking to help.
Let me be clear.
If this goes down,
Tasha Mack Agency
remains the Tasha Mack Agency.
You initiate
your reversion clause
and that'll buy me time
to pay back the loan.
I keep control of TMA,
you can get back
to the Bahamas
and your bachelorettes.
What do I get
for my trouble?
I knew that was coming.
How much you want?
Just one.
All right,
get the papers together.
I'll be back to sign 'em.
Brittany!
It's hilarious, right?
[both laughing]
No, but I really
wanna thank you
for keeping tabs
on my mom while I was away.
Oh, it's nothing.
You know I love Miss Lula.
Um, by my count,
I wrote you 47 letters.
-[chuckles]
-But not a single response.
I mean, you didn't really expect
me to write back, did you?
I mean, I was hoping one,
at least once.
[chuckles]
No, I understood.
Um, I figured you hated me,
till I saw Hard Blocks.
Not my best performance.
And I heard that producer
ask the same question
that I've been asking myself.
Allison, please, don't.
Why not?
Don't we deserve to know
if what we had was real?
No, the only thing that was real
is what happened to us.
What happened to me.
All right, we can't just--
we can't just erase that.
-We can't turn back time.
-No, we don't need to.
All we need to do is just
be honest with ourselves.
You look me in the eyes
right now
and tell me
that you don't love me,
and that all the promises
we made about...
...the family we wanted
and the future we'd have,
all those dreams
are not worth fighting for.
Allison,
you were my first everything.
That'll never change.
My heart is somewhere else.
With Brittany?
[sniffling]
She make you happy?
[sighs]
Yes.
Very much.
Guess I have
my answer, then.
[sniffling]
Um, for the record...
I'll answer the question
that you won't.
I still love you, Jamison.
I always will.
[chain jingling]
[phone chiming]
♪ Once you go Mack,
you never go back♪
Rick is in.
He's in?
Oh my...
Uh-uh.
Thank you.
Wait, what, did you
just thank me?
Mm-hmm.
You know why
I made you take that pledge?
Yeah, to make
a fool out of me.
And I didn't think
you would do it,
but then you did,
but then you lied.
To be fair, I said
that you could trust me.
I never said I wouldn't be
who I am.
But ain't no trust
without the whole truth,
even if you did do it
for the right reasons, okay?
Now, me and you,
we gonna get there, or we won't.
Either way,
just keep tearing it up.
Thanks, Aunt Tasha.
I will.
No, I mean the paper
you shredding.
-Keep tearing it up.
-Oh.
ICO-- I got secrets
don't nobody need to know.
All right.
Paxton!
-[clapping]
-How we looking, baby?
Hey, but fellas,
fellas, fellas.
All right, listen up, guys.
We made our mark.
The owners know
we mean business.
And this would mean
lifetime health care
after three years of service
for us and for future players.
But not for retired players?
I don't know, it sounds a lot
like the old offer to me.
It's exactly like the old offer.
I don't understand.
What's changed?
The union changed.
They're against us.
Tell me, Malik,
did you go to the Colonel,
or did he come to you?
[players murmuring]
What does it--
what does it matter?
-I mean, who cares?
-I care.
All right, well,
he came to me, dawg.
'Cause he knew you'd fold
like a wet handkerchief.
[laughter]
All right, look, guys,
I got caught up
the other night,
and that's on me.
But this way, we can get back
on the field Monday,
and we can get paid.
And I promise y'all,
I will keep fighting
for the retired players,
you have my word.
What do you say?
[murmuring]
I say, since Jamison
ditched the team meeting,
Sydney gets his vote.
MAN: And she's voting yes!
[players laughing
and cheering]
ALL [chanting]:
Sydney! Sydney! Sydney!
[knocking]
Crap.
Fuck.
Hank's?
Did you bring the extra pickles?
-Brought the extra pickles.
-Extra pickles!
-[laughing]
-Hey, babe.
Hey.
You look tired.
Uh, the line at Hank's
was crazy.
That line at Hank's was crazy?
[laughing]
I-- I've been up
for 43 hours straight.
Insomnia, thoughts racing.
Yeah, my mind's
in overdrive, too.
-Brittany, I...
-Jamison...
-Oh, um...
-No, you...
-You go ahead.
-No.
-You go.
-Okay.
Um...
I saw Allison
at Club End Zone,
and we spoke, and it was weird,
and it freaked me out.
Uh, you saw Allison?
Yeah, and I know
I should have told you,
but then I figured, you know,
if I didn't tell you,
and then you told me
that you cared about me
more than you cared about her,
but then if you didn't tell me,
then... I just,
I was scared.
Well, um, I did see her
a couple hours ago.
And she found me at this spot
that I used to go
to clear my head.
And for years, I thought about
what it would be like
to see her again,
and then I was afraid
that it would mess me up.
-You know?
-Yeah.
But, once it happened,
all I could think about was you.
-[mouthing]
-[whispering]: Yeah, you.
I do seem to have
that effect on people.
Mm.
-Right.
-Especially strippers.
Oh, true.
True.
How are we on the time?
15 minutes,
and once Rick signs the deal,
I will deliver a copy
to the Colonel.
Oh, hell no!
Mm-mm.
I am delivering and serving
this tangy dish myself.
Foxy!
-Hey.
-Hey, I see you, Bahamas-Obamas.
Hey.
We need to talk.
Rick, tell me the Colonel
didn't get to you.
He offered me five percent
of the Fury.
Malik's five percent.
You sold us out?
It was ownership, Tasha.
Black ownership.
What would you do?
Half white, all devil.
Tasha, don't be like that.
I'd watch my back
if I were you, Rick Fox.
'Cause karma is a boss bitch.
-[laughing]
-Oh, and I do this thing
where I try to avoid
tough conversations.
Oh, well, I shut down
when things get tough.
BOTH: I'm working on it.
[chuckles]
Guess we have a lot to learn
about each other, huh?
Not gonna lie, though,
the more I learn about you,
the more I want to know.
I think... I might be falling
for you, Miss Pitts.
Um...
Do you wanna eat, or...
Mm, yeah, but not a chicken.
♪
Well, you did it, Malik.
I say we call Tasha
and give her the good news.
Oh-ho-ho, no.
No, she is never
to know about this, okay?
-All right.
-MAN: Ladies and gentlemen,
please be seated.
There will be time
for questions afterwards.
[sighs]
After a league-wide vote,
the 1,400 members
of the player's union
have decided to follow the lead
of the Las Vegas Fighting Fury.
We will not be playing tomorrow.
The league is officially
on strike.
-Questions?
-REPORTER: Did Malik Wright
-instigate this?
-Yes.
Malik Wright
did start the ball rolling,
but we are all
in congruence now,
everyone in the union that
voted for this strike.
-You, sir.
-REPORTER 2: Are you upset
-with Malik Wright?
-No.
There's no reason
to be upset with Malik Wright.
[clock ticking]
[sighs]
-[phone chimes]
-COLONEL: To all clients,
agents, and employees,
effective immediately,
Tasha Mack will be stepping down
from the Tasha Mack Agency.
Thatcher Holdings
has acquired TMA.
We'd like to thank Ms. Mack
for her many years of service
and passionate dedication,
and welcome her replacement,
Candice Ross.
I want to personally
thank you and assure you all...
-[phone chiming]
-...that operations
will continue as before.
Yours truly,
Colonel Ulysses S. Thatcher.
[screaming]